MIME-Version: 1.0
Date: Fri, 13 Jun 2025 13:22:25 -0400
References: <01000197552acf1a-9b0ae031-3b74-485e-9fcd-0be02518128a-000000@email.amazonses.com>
In-Reply-To: <01000197552acf1a-9b0ae031-3b74-485e-9fcd-0be02518128a-000000@email.amazonses.com>
Message-ID: <CAOat4ZBaS=GV6oTe=qmawBtkuBFkOuEFEmDqQkZcjfBmRzYEpQ@mail.gmail.com>
Subject: Fwd: Comprehensive Testing Coordination and Project Timeline
From: Mac Connolly <mac@macconnolly.com>
To: save@mem.ai
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="000000000000504d770637774a5b"

--000000000000504d770637774a5b
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Wave AI Note Taker <summary@email.wave.co>
Date: Mon, 9 Jun 2025 at 10:49
Subject: Comprehensive Testing Coordination and Project Timeline
To: <mac@macconnolly.com>


[image: Wave AI Logo]Comprehensive Testing Coordination and Project Timelin=
e
=E2=9C=A8 View Your Session on the Web
<https://app.wave.co/sessions/CAe284c648f0dd31f681bbe456ae46a865?lastLoginP=
aram=3Dgoogle>
=F0=9F=93=9DSummary
Main Topics Discussed1. Testing Coordination and Third-Party Involvement

   - *Ongoing Testing Activities*: IT and UAT (User Acceptance Testing) are
   in progress. Teams will merge calls as needed for collaboration.
   - *Third-Party Vendors*: EY, TG, TMC, BDS are actively involved.
      - *EY*: Progressing well, full steam with more control.
      - *TMC*: Kickoff scheduled for June 10-11, 2025. Honeywell side
      changes are complete; TMC will test in all regions with test cases re=
ady.
      - *BDS*: Start date and plan still under discussion.
      - *Team Guru*: Approach solidified; planned to start by late
      July=E2=80=93August with a 4-week timeframe. Production instance expe=
cted to be
      accessible by September 8, 2025 (official go-live date).
   - *Current Status*: Things are on track with third-party systems and
   internal Halibo steps.

2. Project Plans and Timeline Updates

   - *Plan Last Updated*: June 6, 2025.
   - *Upcoming Key Events*:
      - *Solution Walkthrough Call*: Moved to Thursday (June 12, 2025) to
      accommodate functional COE receiving access.
      - *CAP 900 Changes*: Pending based on Thursday=E2=80=99s walkthrough;=
 dates
      to be finalized in the next call.
      - *Tasks Requiring Adjustment*: Items highlighted in yellow on the
      plan need further discussion/adjustment (includes Sparta, ECATS).
   - *System-specific Updates*:
      - *ECATS*: Awaiting export-controlled SharePoint space (1TB
      requested) to proceed with file sharing and testing (~1 week).
Robert will
      assist in testing.
      - *Team Guru*: Confirmed approach and timeline with Josh Wright and
      others.
      - *Toller SSO*: Migration team addressing addition of SID to
      responses and transition from Ping1 SSO to Azure Cloud SSO.
PHP-side coding
      adjustments under investigation; further discussions scheduled this w=
eek.

3. Status of Specific Systems and Test Planning

   - *AEB/Descamps*: No further testing needed as per latest discussion;
   pending confirmation on user count in CAP 900 (Ashok responsible for
   follow-up).
   - *GTS*: Function SME Jeff collaborating on business rules; no IT
   changes needed as roles are already segregated.
   - *Sparta*: Still determining test approach as dedicated test instance
   is lacking=E2=80=94testing to be conducted in available sandbox environm=
ent.
      - *Integration*: Only SSO plus SFDC ETL and Lab Works endpoint
      require attention. Integration and SSO testing ongoing; ETL issue now
      resolved.
      - *Timeline*: Testing for most aspects to complete by July 18, 2025;
      Lab Works endpoint expected to extend into September=E2=80=93October,
necessitating
      retesting after site =E2=80=9Cspin=E2=80=9D (cutover).
   - *Pathmark/Partmark*: Dependent on Spokane site cutover September 7,
   2025; testing from September 8=E2=80=9312 to ensure post-migration syste=
m
   integrity, especially considering domain/network/firewall changes.

4. Testing Process and Site Cutovers

   - *Two-Step Testing Proposal*:
      1. Functionality testing when application is moved.
      2. Additional site-based testing post-physical cutover (network,
      domain, firewall).
   - *Retesting Columns*: Suggestion to add columns for mandatory retesting
   after site cutover.
   - *GRE Team Dependency*: Required coordination with GRE team for cutover
   timelines, as delays may impact project outcomes.

5. Action Items and Ownership

   - *Functional Leads*: Asked to confirm IT/UAT start and end dates and
   align on deliverables.
   - *Follow-Ups*:
      - ECAT: Gary is responsible for SharePoint setup.
      - CAP 900: Ashok to confirm user count for AEB.
      - Lab Works/Sparta: Pramod and Hank will coordinate further on
      testing dependencies.
      - Testing Timeline & Retesting: Teams will update documentation to
      reflect re-testing needs for Lab Works, Partmark, EY.
      - GRE Team: Identification and communication to highlight
      dependencies.
      - Application Ownership: Neela Siram and Rakesh are working to
      collate ownership details for ~40 ISE systems; further updates pendin=
g as
      data is compiled.

------------------------------
Additional Details & Dates

   -

   *Key Dates*:
   - June 6, 2025: Last plan update.
      - June 9, 2025: Today's review session date.
      - June 10-11, 2025: TMC kickoff.
      - June 12, 2025: Solution walkthrough call (CAP 900).
      - July 18, 2025: Sparta initial testing completion target (except Lab
      Works).
      - End of July 2025: Anticipated Team Guru instance creation/testing
      start.
      - August=E2=80=93September 2025: Team Guru 4-week go-live cycle.
      - September 7, 2025: Pathmark/Spokane site cutover.
      - September 8, 2025: Team Guru go-live, Partmark application retest
      window begins.
      - September 8=E2=80=9312, 2025: Partmark post-cutover testing.
      - September 21, 2025: Additional site cutover/retesting for EY
      mentioned.
   -

   *Notable Issues & Solutions*:
   - *Sparta Lab Works Endpoint*: Delayed; will trigger repeated testing
      post-spin/site cutover.
      - *Microsoft Build Limitations*: New desktops may face application
      reinstallation problems due to OS changes; under investigation.

------------------------------
Action Items / Follow-Ups

   - Finalize system and user ownership list (Neela Siram, Rakesh).
   - Gary to set up and confirm SharePoint space for ECATS files/testing.
   - Ashok to confirm AEB user counts in CAP 900.
   - Pramod/Hank to ensure Lab Works/Sparta post-cutover testing is
   scheduled.
   - Update all documentation and tracking sheets to include additional
   retest stages.
   - Communicate GRE team dependency for site cutover to minimize
   downstream delays.

------------------------------

This summary provides a comprehensive account of the meeting and next
steps, incorporating all significant dates, responsible parties, and open
issues as of June 9, 2025.
=F0=9F=8E=99=EF=B8=8FTranscription
Pramod0:00
You are now connected. You can merge your calls when ready.
Gokul0:09
They will pull people on the IT testing and the UAT testing likewise.
Moderator0:12
Right.
Gokul0:13
That's what, you know, you can see here in the plan. Okay, yeah. And also
we've been working closely with the third party folks like ey, tg, TMC and
bds. I think EY is pretty well, which.
Moderator0:28
Is, you know, going in a full.
Gokul0:30
Steam with more control. And then the TMC is basically tomorrow, day after
tomorrow is what we are planning to do the kickoff. And basically all the
changes have been done at the Honeywell side. The only thing is, you know,
they have to make some tweaks on that end and then it's going to be a, you
know, comprehensive testing from the TMC side, you know, from all the
regions. So we do have a, we do have the, you know, the test case ready for
the tmc. And the other thing is BDS is basically, you know, it is still
under discussion on when we have to start the Team Guru. We already fully
solidified the approach and then the plan is to start that from August,
probably by end of July. And then, you know, only, you know, for four weeks
of time frame. You know, we would be able to complete the instance
creation, do the testing, do the access, everything and then, you know, it
will go to production by probably they would be able to access the
production instance by September. September 8th. September 8th is the
official go live date for Team Guru.
Moderator1:34
Right.
Gokul1:34
So for all the third party systems, things are already set in motion,
things are, you know, going well as per the plan, including, you know, the
other steps, you know, that we have to take a part of within Halibo.
Moderator1:45
Okay.
Gokul1:47
So as usual stuff, no changes, if you have any questions on the slide, you
can always reach out to me.
Moderator1:53
Right?
Gokul1:55
Yeah. Here is what the current plan I have updated on 6th of June. So there
are a few things that I still need to figure it out. The CEP 900 changes.
Yeah, high value at the CEP. So we do have a solution walkthrough call on
Thursday, I just moved it to Thursday because our functional COE has
recently got the access. So he needs at least a couple more days to figure
it out, the current functionality and et cetera, et cetera. So that's the
reason I pushed the call. So based on the call, this is after my hunch,
right. And based on the call, if there are any pull or push to be done and
I can show the exact dates probably in the next call. But as of now, this
is going to be the plan for CAP 900 but the rest of the things, whatever
you see here, everything has been you know confirmed and anything with the
yellow lines, right yellow highlighted those are the ones probably we have
to you know do some adjustments on top of it.
Moderator2:56
Right.
Gokul2:56
Like For Sparta some SS4 discussions are going on. I need to figure it out
and ecats. ECATS is basically Prasanna, you were aware of it. So I think
Gary, you, you have an action to come up with the plan coupled with the
export controlled sharp.
Moderator3:14
Right.
Gokul3:14
You already requested for one terabyte.
Moderator3:17
Yes.
Gokul3:18
So once that is ready because they don't have any space on the local system
on that is ready we will ask people to pull the files in the SharePoint to
complete this. Probably just a one week of work this can be done including
the testing. We can pull Robert to complete the test. Yeah Team Guru I
think teamguru I have to change it. This is good. Team Guru is also, you
know we have confirmed this with Josh Wright and other folks as well so I
can probably confirm this as well. So except the two things, rest of the
things are already confirmed to people. Okay so any questions in the slide?
So the one thing here is of course you know we have some sort of lingering
things, you know here and there on the taller because of the SSO. So last
week we had a call with the SSO people and we have some sort of
understanding on what has to be changed around the taller side. So
currently the migration team is working on two things.
Moderator4:24
One is.
Gokul4:26
They need to include one more thing in the equation apart from hid. They
need to include sid. It's going to be one response, two attributes and that
they are also talking about, you know something is going to get changed
from ping1 SSO type to Azure Cloud SSO type for that probably they have to
make some adjustments at the code level. So now the team is working on
figuring it out on the PHP side of Toller. You know how this can be done.
Okay but we have a conversation, we are going to have a conversation on the
toll this week as well to figure it out, you know if that can be aligned on
the SSO side. Okay so still something is going on on taller SSO and the
rest of the things are pretty under, pretty much under control. Right.
Still there are a few things on the web broker but those are probably, you
know will be resolved in a couple days.
Moderator5:23
That's what I believe.
Gokul5:25
So any, any questions from anyone here? And Pramod, I think we spoke about
this, right. AEB and descamps there won't be Any testing stuff needed as
part of the conversation, you know that we had with the people I already
know, send that email. But the only action here is on the AEB is that to
understand how many users are in AEB related users within CAP 900 that's
what Ashok will have to confirm and then you know we can use that. They can
use it. You know when they are going to have a conversation on the license
renewal process for day two.
Moderator6:03
Yeah.
Gokul6:04
And for GTS is the only thing you know that Jeff is the function SME. He's
been working closely with race Jamie to understand, you know the GTS rules
from our angle, from IT angle there won't be any changes needed because the
roles are already segregated with regards to EAM business because anything
that ends with the CA9 those are the roles that are already assigned to the
AM users. But you know our functional SME is closely working with the
business to, you know, reconfirm this. Okay. So am I audible?
Moderator6:41
You are very good. Anything you want to add here? Pramod top of it.
Pramod6:49
I think we are good. So there's the one that are highlighted. Hello here we
are going to get the confirmation from the functional leads.
Moderator6:56
Correct? Correct. That's what I'm Yeah. At least the team guru is good. E
cat and Sparta is what you know, this week activity and then AEB and desk
cats. I'm going to put it as no testing but GTS we have to keep it until he
confirms that with the business.
Pramod7:13
Okay.
Moderator7:14
Right, yep. And the functional leads if you're already there on the call,
you know please confirm if you're in line with the it UAT start date, end
date because this was already confirmed by you but just asking this
question in front of the business Prasanna.
Prasanna7:33
Yeah, only in case of parta we are still figuring out Gokul you mentioned
about it. We don't have a currently as an example any test instance. That's
what we got to know. So we are going to do the testing in sandbox which is
available which is having connectivity but not with all applications.
Moderator7:54
Right.
Prasanna7:54
We are still figuring out how we are going to do that. So that's the only
place I'm not very sure but other places here.
Moderator8:06
Correct, correct, correct.
Pramod8:07
So anything with it. I mean as we spoke last week on the Sparta anyway it
is going to be move as is. So what is going to change is the. The endpoints
correct. We're not changing any functionality. We are not changing any.
Moderator8:19
Yeah yeah.
Pramod8:20
No integrations. Okay.
Moderator8:22
Integration SSO plus SFDC SFDC ETL stuff to be changed and they already,
you know, connected that by using the correct credentials from Sparta team.
But it didn't work and then it was because of, you know, some miss in the,
there was a miss in the, the file, you know that they sent from ETL and
they have corrected it now they are closely working with the Sparta team
about the integration testing for sfdc. Promote Integration testing is
going on. Integration testing for SFDC is going on. And and only thing is,
you know, we need to understand the SSO plus the Lab works endpoint. That's
the reason you can see, you know, I'm just keeping it. We have to complete
the testing as per my plan. We have to complete the testing by 18th of
July. But the lab works for the site will not be completed during the time
it takes probably September, October. So we need to do one more round of
testing for Sparta with regards to Lab works once the site spin is over.
Pramod, probably you would have seen my email as well, right? With Hank.
Yeah, I do.
Pramod9:33
Yeah. I will probably respond to that email to Hank as well. So let's see.
Moderator9:38
Yes, yes, I think he's in line. He understood that he's also ready to
support on whichever the way he would be able to accomplish that. But he,
he clearly mentioned that Lab works probably he wouldn't be able to make
anything either it has to come from Steve or someone else. So which means
that, you know, whatever testing that we are doing now will not probably
put the full stop. We may have to do some amount of testing even after the
spin is over. This is also for ey. This is also for the other sites. Part
Mark, that's why you see Pathmark here, right. Part mark, you see 8th of
September to 12th of September. The reason I'm keeping part mark 8 to 12
because of 7th of September is a site cut over. Partmark is using Spokane
site and seventh is the cutover. So I think Michael, Michael is already
there on the call. Michael, you were there. Michael Griffith. Yep.
Michael Griffith10:40
If not muted.
Moderator10:42
Yeah, so we talked about it. Right. Michael, I think you mentioned about
this is currently working otherwise they would have already raised the
consumer. Things are okay for now it is okay. But when the site is going to
complete the spin they probably change their domain that firewall etc etc
and you have to make sure whether the changes are working in those 16
desktops.
Michael Griffith11:04
Yeah, they did find a recent issue because that doesn't work on new builds.
There's. There's something in the new Microsoft build that you can't
reinstall that properly. So we're looking at options on how to fix that.
Moderator11:20
But understood, you are talking about a new build into the new desktop.
What I am saying here is that if they go with the same exactly the 16
desktop even after the site spin, what will that be a problem? They are not
changing anything. They are not going to touch the application. They are
just changing the network, changing the domain, changing the firewall. Will
it impact any of these 16 desktop that it is currently running?
Michael Griffith11:48
It should not.
Moderator11:49
Okay. That's what we have to confirm during, you know, during this
timeline. That's what I'm saying. Eight to seven is what we have to figure
it out if there are any changes. So. So that's what it is promote. That's
the reason I.
Pramod12:05
So are we, are we planning then that way two step process in terms of the
testing? Like hey, I mean when we are going to move the application we will
do some functionality testing as well to ensure the application is working
as expected. But then when there is a physical site then we will do that.
Okay.
Moderator12:24
Wherever we have an impact. Yes, we have.
Pramod12:26
I think we should. Yeah, correct. So I think we need to do that two step
process then of testing.
Moderator12:31
Yep, yep. That's what you see anywhere. I mentioned 21st of September, site
cutover. We have to redo testing. 7th of September, we have to redo some
testing and the lab, I would.
Pramod12:42
Suggest then we have to add those separate columns to ensure we are doing
that.
Moderator12:48
Yeah, I mentioned this in the comments. So we have to keep an eye on these
three things. Ey, pockmark, spot on. That's all.
Pramod12:55
But then problem will be helpful if you want to do that retest.
Moderator12:59
Oh, okay. You will do. Okay, one column for retesting. Yes, yes, we can do.
Yeah, yeah.
Pramod13:06
And then we have to probably communicate the. To the, to the, to the GRE
team that hey, we have a dependency on their cutover. So anything gets
delayed at their end, it will get impacted direct to us.
Moderator13:20
You were talking about the UI team. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Pramod13:25
No GRE team. So I will get you the name.
Moderator13:34
Okay, sure.
Pramod13:36
We will highlight this as well.
Moderator13:38
No problem. So anything else in this sheet? Any questions from anyone in
this call?
Pramod13:50
No, let's jump onto the updates.
Moderator13:54
Okay. Yeah. So this is still empty. I think Neil, you probably Neela Siram
will have to come up with a plan if they are going to project anything here
in this call or they are going to have a separate call to auto these
applications. So.
Rakesh14:11
So this is. I mean I had floated a sheet that Excel sheet where I wanted to
understand, like who are the owners of the various applications that we are
interested in? I think it's going around. I mean, Rakesh, you are trying to
get that collated and I can share something real quick here, but as far as
what?
Moderator14:37
Just give me a second.
Rakesh14:38
So this is the. Yeah, this is the Excel sheet that I think Rakesh has put
it out with the date on there. I don't know if they're trying to redo the
file somewhere else in different location, but I polled all the ISE teams
and we got a list of about 40 systems that is important for ISE. And I'm
just playing with this right now. There are still some question marks.

Captured with Wave AI Note Taker

Your AI-powered companion

--000000000000504d770637774a5b
Content-Type: text/html; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

<div dir=3D"ltr"><div class=3D"gmail_default" style=3D"font-size:small;colo=
r:#444444"><br></div><br><div class=3D"gmail_quote gmail_quote_container"><=
div dir=3D"ltr" class=3D"gmail_attr">---------- Forwarded message ---------=
<br>From: <strong class=3D"gmail_sendername" dir=3D"auto">Wave AI Note Take=
r</strong> <span dir=3D"auto">&lt;<a href=3D"mailto:summary@email.wave.co">=
summary@email.wave.co</a>&gt;</span><br>Date: Mon, 9 Jun 2025 at 10:49<br>S=
ubject: Comprehensive Testing Coordination and Project Timeline<br>To:  &lt=
;<a href=3D"mailto:mac@macconnolly.com">mac@macconnolly.com</a>&gt;<br></di=
v><br><br><div style=3D"font-family:-apple-system,BlinkMacSystemFont,&quot;=
Segoe UI&quot;,Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;margin:0;padding:0;backgro=
und-color:#f4f4f4"><div style=3D"width:100%;max-width:604px;margin:0 auto;b=
ackground-color:#ffffff"><div style=3D"background-image:url(https://upcdn.i=
o/W142iax/raw/email/banner_clean.png);background-size:cover;background-posi=
tion:center;width:604px;height:297px;margin:0 auto"><table cellpadding=3D"0=
" cellspacing=3D"0" border=3D"0" width=3D"100%" height=3D"100%"><tbody><tr>=
<td valign=3D"center" align=3D"center" style=3D"padding:0"><img src=3D"http=
s://upcdn.io/W142iax/raw/email/logo_white.png" alt=3D"Wave AI Logo" style=
=3D"width:41px;height:58px;max-width:41px;margin-bottom:10px"><h1 style=3D"=
color:white;font-size:32px;margin:0;padding:0 0 10px;text-align:center">Com=
prehensive Testing Coordination and Project Timeline</h1></td></tr></tbody>=
</table></div><div style=3D"max-width:600px;margin:0 auto;padding:32px 20px=
"><div style=3D"text-align:center;margin-bottom:32px"><a href=3D"https://ap=
p.wave.co/sessions/CAe284c648f0dd31f681bbe456ae46a865?lastLoginParam=3Dgoog=
le" style=3D"background-color:#e6f0ff;color:#0066cc;padding:12px 24px;borde=
r-radius:8px;text-decoration:none;font-weight:500;font-size:16px;display:in=
line-block;margin-top:8px;margin-bottom:8px" target=3D"_blank">=E2=9C=A8 Vi=
ew Your Session on the Web</a></div><div style=3D"text-align:center;margin-=
bottom:36px"></div><div style=3D"background-color:#ffffff;padding:28px;bord=
er-radius:12px;border:1px solid #e2e8f0;margin-bottom:28px"><h3 style=3D"co=
lor:#0f172a;font-size:20px;font-weight:600;margin-top:0;margin-bottom:20px;=
display:flex"><span style=3D"font-size:24px">=F0=9F=93=9D</span>Summary</h3=
><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6"><div><h2 style=
=3D"font-weight:500;padding-top:20px;font-size:2rem">Main Topics Discussed<=
/h2><h3 style=3D"font-weight:500;padding-top:20px;font-size:1.75rem">1. Tes=
ting Coordination and Third-Party Involvement</h3><ul>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Ongoing Testing Activities</strong>:=
 IT and UAT (User Acceptance Testing) are in progress. Teams will merge cal=
ls as needed for collaboration.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Third-Party Vendors</strong>: EY, TG=
, TMC, BDS are actively involved.<ul>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">EY</strong>: Progressing well, full =
steam with more control.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">TMC</strong>: Kickoff scheduled for =
June 10-11, 2025. Honeywell side changes are complete; TMC will test in all=
 regions with test cases ready.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">BDS</strong>: Start date and plan st=
ill under discussion.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Team Guru</strong>: Approach solidif=
ied; planned to start by late July=E2=80=93August with a 4-week timeframe. =
Production instance expected to be accessible by September 8, 2025 (officia=
l go-live date).</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Current Status</strong>: Things are =
on track with third-party systems and internal Halibo steps.</li>
</ul>
<h3 style=3D"font-weight:500;padding-top:20px;font-size:1.75rem">2. Project=
 Plans and Timeline Updates</h3><ul>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Plan Last Updated</strong>: June 6, =
2025.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Upcoming Key Events</strong>:<ul>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Solution Walkthrough Call</strong>: =
Moved to Thursday (June 12, 2025) to accommodate functional COE receiving a=
ccess.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">CAP 900 Changes</strong>: Pending ba=
sed on Thursday=E2=80=99s walkthrough; dates to be finalized in the next ca=
ll.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Tasks Requiring Adjustment</strong>:=
 Items highlighted in yellow on the plan need further discussion/adjustment=
 (includes Sparta, ECATS).</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">System-specific Updates</strong>:<ul=
>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">ECATS</strong>: Awaiting export-cont=
rolled SharePoint space (1TB requested) to proceed with file sharing and te=
sting (~1 week). Robert will assist in testing.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Team Guru</strong>: Confirmed approa=
ch and timeline with Josh Wright and others.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Toller SSO</strong>: Migration team =
addressing addition of SID to responses and transition from Ping1 SSO to Az=
ure Cloud SSO. PHP-side coding adjustments under investigation; further dis=
cussions scheduled this week.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h3 style=3D"font-weight:500;padding-top:20px;font-size:1.75rem">3. Status =
of Specific Systems and Test Planning</h3><ul>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">AEB/Descamps</strong>: No further te=
sting needed as per latest discussion; pending confirmation on user count i=
n CAP 900 (Ashok responsible for follow-up).</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">GTS</strong>: Function SME Jeff coll=
aborating on business rules; no IT changes needed as roles are already segr=
egated.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Sparta</strong>: Still determining t=
est approach as dedicated test instance is lacking=E2=80=94testing to be co=
nducted in available sandbox environment.<ul>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Integration</strong>: Only SSO plus =
SFDC ETL and Lab Works endpoint require attention. Integration and SSO test=
ing ongoing; ETL issue now resolved.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Timeline</strong>: Testing for most =
aspects to complete by July 18, 2025; Lab Works endpoint expected to extend=
 into September=E2=80=93October, necessitating retesting after site =E2=80=
=9Cspin=E2=80=9D (cutover).</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Pathmark/Partmark</strong>: Dependen=
t on Spokane site cutover September 7, 2025; testing from September 8=E2=80=
=9312 to ensure post-migration system integrity, especially considering dom=
ain/network/firewall changes.</li>
</ul>
<h3 style=3D"font-weight:500;padding-top:20px;font-size:1.75rem">4. Testing=
 Process and Site Cutovers</h3><ul>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Two-Step Testing Proposal</strong>:<=
ol>
<li>Functionality testing when application is moved.</li>
<li>Additional site-based testing post-physical cutover (network, domain, f=
irewall).</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Retesting Columns</strong>: Suggesti=
on to add columns for mandatory retesting after site cutover.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">GRE Team Dependency</strong>: Requir=
ed coordination with GRE team for cutover timelines, as delays may impact p=
roject outcomes.</li>
</ul>
<h3 style=3D"font-weight:500;padding-top:20px;font-size:1.75rem">5. Action =
Items and Ownership</h3><ul>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Functional Leads</strong>: Asked to =
confirm IT/UAT start and end dates and align on deliverables.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Follow-Ups</strong>:<ul>
<li>ECAT: Gary is responsible for SharePoint setup.</li>
<li>CAP 900: Ashok to confirm user count for AEB.</li>
<li>Lab Works/Sparta: Pramod and Hank will coordinate further on testing de=
pendencies.</li>
<li>Testing Timeline &amp; Retesting: Teams will update documentation to re=
flect re-testing needs for Lab Works, Partmark, EY.</li>
<li>GRE Team: Identification and communication to highlight dependencies.</=
li>
<li>Application Ownership: Neela Siram and Rakesh are working to collate ow=
nership details for ~40 ISE systems; further updates pending as data is com=
piled.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 style=3D"font-weight:500;padding-top:20px;font-size:2rem">Additional De=
tails &amp; Dates</h2><ul>
<li><p><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Key Dates</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>June 6, 2025: Last plan update.</li>
<li>June 9, 2025: Today&#39;s review session date.</li>
<li>June 10-11, 2025: TMC kickoff.</li>
<li>June 12, 2025: Solution walkthrough call (CAP 900).</li>
<li>July 18, 2025: Sparta initial testing completion target (except Lab Wor=
ks).</li>
<li>End of July 2025: Anticipated Team Guru instance creation/testing start=
.</li>
<li>August=E2=80=93September 2025: Team Guru 4-week go-live cycle.</li>
<li>September 7, 2025: Pathmark/Spokane site cutover.</li>
<li>September 8, 2025: Team Guru go-live, Partmark application retest windo=
w begins.</li>
<li>September 8=E2=80=9312, 2025: Partmark post-cutover testing.</li>
<li>September 21, 2025: Additional site cutover/retesting for EY mentioned.=
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Notable Issues &amp; Solutions</s=
trong>:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Sparta Lab Works Endpoint</strong>: =
Delayed; will trigger repeated testing post-spin/site cutover.</li>
<li><strong style=3D"font-weight:bold">Microsoft Build Limitations</strong>=
: New desktops may face application reinstallation problems due to OS chang=
es; under investigation.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 style=3D"font-weight:500;padding-top:20px;font-size:2rem">Action Items =
/ Follow-Ups</h2><ul>
<li>Finalize system and user ownership list (Neela Siram, Rakesh).</li>
<li>Gary to set up and confirm SharePoint space for ECATS files/testing.</l=
i>
<li>Ashok to confirm AEB user counts in CAP 900.</li>
<li>Pramod/Hank to ensure Lab Works/Sparta post-cutover testing is schedule=
d.</li>
<li>Update all documentation and tracking sheets to include additional rete=
st stages.</li>
<li>Communicate GRE team dependency for site cutover to minimize downstream=
 delays.</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<p>This summary provides a comprehensive account of the meeting and next st=
eps, incorporating all significant dates, responsible parties, and open iss=
ues as of June 9, 2025.</p>
</div></div></div><div style=3D"background-color:#ffffff;padding:28px;borde=
r-radius:12px;border:1px solid #e2e8f0"><h3 style=3D"color:#0f172a;font-siz=
e:20px;font-weight:600;margin-top:0;margin-bottom:20px;display:flex"><span =
style=3D"font-size:24px">=F0=9F=8E=99=EF=B8=8F</span>Transcription</h3><div=
 style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-r=
adius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-=
bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">=
Pramod</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">0:00</span></div>=
<div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">You are now con=
nected. You can merge your calls when ready.</div></div><div style=3D"margi=
n-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;borde=
r-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><sp=
an style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Gokul</span><sp=
an style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">0:09</span></div><div style=3D"co=
lor:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">They will pull people on the IT=
 testing and the UAT testing likewise.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bott=
om:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left=
:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span sty=
le=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span=
 style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">0:12</span></div><div style=3D"colo=
r:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Right.</div></div><div style=3D"m=
argin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;b=
order-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"=
><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Gokul</span=
><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">0:13</span></div><div style=
=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">That&#39;s what, you know=
, you can see here in the plan. Okay, yeah. And also we&#39;ve been working=
 closely with the third party folks like ey, tg, TMC and bds. I think EY is=
 pretty well, which.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16=
px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6=
"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f=
6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#6=
4748b;font-size:14px">0:28</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-siz=
e:16px;line-height:1.6">Is, you know, going in a full.</div></div><div styl=
e=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius=
:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-botto=
m:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Gokul=
</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">0:30</span></div><div s=
tyle=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Steam with more contr=
ol. And then the TMC is basically tomorrow, day after tomorrow is what we a=
re planning to do the kickoff. And basically all the changes have been done=
 at the Honeywell side. The only thing is, you know, they have to make some=
 tweaks on that end and then it&#39;s going to be a, you know, comprehensiv=
e testing from the TMC side, you know, from all the regions. So we do have =
a, we do have the, you know, the test case ready for the tmc. And the other=
 thing is BDS is basically, you know, it is still under discussion on when =
we have to start the Team Guru. We already fully solidified the approach an=
d then the plan is to start that from August, probably by end of July. And =
then, you know, only, you know, for four weeks of time frame. You know, we =
would be able to complete the instance creation, do the testing, do the acc=
ess, everything and then, you know, it will go to production by probably th=
ey would be able to access the production instance by September. September =
8th. September 8th is the official go live date for Team Guru.</div></div><=
div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;borde=
r-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;marg=
in-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8p=
x">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">1:34</span>=
</div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Right.</d=
iv></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8=
fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display=
:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margi=
n-right:8px">Gokul</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">1:34<=
/span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">So =
for all the third party systems, things are already set in motion, things a=
re, you know, going well as per the plan, including, you know, the other st=
eps, you know, that we have to take a part of within Halibo.</div></div><di=
v style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-=
radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin=
-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px"=
>Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">1:45</span></=
div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Okay.</div>=
</div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8faf=
c;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:fl=
ex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-r=
ight:8px">Gokul</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">1:47</sp=
an></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">So as =
usual stuff, no changes, if you have any questions on the slide, you can al=
ways reach out to me.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:1=
6px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f=
6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82=
f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#=
64748b;font-size:14px">1:53</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-si=
ze:16px;line-height:1.6">Right?</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px=
;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px so=
lid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"c=
olor:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Gokul</span><span style=3D"c=
olor:#64748b;font-size:14px">1:55</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;f=
ont-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Yeah. Here is what the current plan I have u=
pdated on 6th of June. So there are a few things that I still need to figur=
e it out. The CEP 900 changes. Yeah, high value at the CEP. So we do have a=
 solution walkthrough call on Thursday, I just moved it to Thursday because=
 our functional COE has recently got the access. So he needs at least a cou=
ple more days to figure it out, the current functionality and et cetera, et=
 cetera. So that&#39;s the reason I pushed the call. So based on the call, =
this is after my hunch, right. And based on the call, if there are any pull=
 or push to be done and I can show the exact dates probably in the next cal=
l. But as of now, this is going to be the plan for CAP 900 but the rest of =
the things, whatever you see here, everything has been you know confirmed a=
nd anything with the yellow lines, right yellow highlighted those are the o=
nes probably we have to you know do some adjustments on top of it.</div></d=
iv><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;b=
order-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;=
margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-righ=
t:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">2:56</s=
pan></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Right=
.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color=
:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"dis=
play:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;m=
argin-right:8px">Gokul</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">2=
:56</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6"=
>Like For Sparta some SS4 discussions are going on. I need to figure it out=
 and ecats. ECATS is basically Prasanna, you were aware of it. So I think G=
ary, you, you have an action to come up with the plan coupled with the expo=
rt controlled sharp.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16=
px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6=
"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f=
6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#6=
4748b;font-size:14px">3:14</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-siz=
e:16px;line-height:1.6">Right.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;=
padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px sol=
id #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"co=
lor:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Gokul</span><span style=3D"co=
lor:#64748b;font-size:14px">3:14</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;fo=
nt-size:16px;line-height:1.6">You already requested for one terabyte.</div>=
</div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8faf=
c;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:fl=
ex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-r=
ight:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">3:17=
</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Ye=
s.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-colo=
r:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"di=
splay:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;=
margin-right:8px">Gokul</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">=
3:18</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6=
">So once that is ready because they don&#39;t have any space on the local =
system on that is ready we will ask people to pull the files in the SharePo=
int to complete this. Probably just a one week of work this can be done inc=
luding the testing. We can pull Robert to complete the test. Yeah Team Guru=
 I think teamguru I have to change it. This is good. Team Guru is also, you=
 know we have confirmed this with Josh Wright and other folks as well so I =
can probably confirm this as well. So except the two things, rest of the th=
ings are already confirmed to people. Okay so any questions in the slide? S=
o the one thing here is of course you know we have some sort of lingering t=
hings, you know here and there on the taller because of the SSO. So last we=
ek we had a call with the SSO people and we have some sort of understanding=
 on what has to be changed around the taller side. So currently the migrati=
on team is working on two things.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16=
px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px =
solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D=
"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span styl=
e=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">4:24</span></div><div style=3D"color:#47=
5569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">One is.</div></div><div style=3D"margi=
n-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;borde=
r-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><sp=
an style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Gokul</span><sp=
an style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">4:26</span></div><div style=3D"co=
lor:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">They need to include one more t=
hing in the equation apart from hid. They need to include sid. It&#39;s goi=
ng to be one response, two attributes and that they are also talking about,=
 you know something is going to get changed from ping1 SSO type to Azure Cl=
oud SSO type for that probably they have to make some adjustments at the co=
de level. So now the team is working on figuring it out on the PHP side of =
Toller. You know how this can be done. Okay but we have a conversation, we =
are going to have a conversation on the toll this week as well to figure it=
 out, you know if that can be aligned on the SSO side. Okay so still someth=
ing is going on on taller SSO and the rest of the things are pretty under, =
pretty much under control. Right. Still there are a few things on the web b=
roker but those are probably, you know will be resolved in a couple days.</=
div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f=
8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"displa=
y:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;marg=
in-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">=
5:23</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6=
">That&#39;s what I believe.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;pa=
dding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid=
 #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"colo=
r:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Gokul</span><span style=3D"colo=
r:#64748b;font-size:14px">5:25</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font=
-size:16px;line-height:1.6">So any, any questions from anyone here? And Pra=
mod, I think we spoke about this, right. AEB and descamps there won&#39;t b=
e Any testing stuff needed as part of the conversation, you know that we ha=
d with the people I already know, send that email. But the only action here=
 is on the AEB is that to understand how many users are in AEB related user=
s within CAP 900 that&#39;s what Ashok will have to confirm and then you kn=
ow we can use that. They can use it. You know when they are going to have a=
 conversation on the license renewal process for day two.</div></div><div s=
tyle=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-rad=
ius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bo=
ttom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Mo=
derator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">6:03</span></div=
><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Yeah.</div></d=
iv><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;b=
order-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;=
margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-righ=
t:8px">Gokul</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">6:04</span>=
</div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">And for G=
TS is the only thing you know that Jeff is the function SME. He&#39;s been =
working closely with race Jamie to understand, you know the GTS rules from =
our angle, from IT angle there won&#39;t be any changes needed because the =
roles are already segregated with regards to EAM business because anything =
that ends with the CA9 those are the roles that are already assigned to the=
 AM users. But you know our functional SME is closely working with the busi=
ness to, you know, reconfirm this. Okay. So am I audible?</div></div><div s=
tyle=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-rad=
ius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bo=
ttom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Mo=
derator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">6:41</span></div=
><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">You are very g=
ood. Anything you want to add here? Pramod top of it.</div></div><div style=
=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:=
8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom=
:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Pramod=
</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">6:49</span></div><div s=
tyle=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">I think we are good. =
So there&#39;s the one that are highlighted. Hello here we are going to get=
 the confirmation from the functional leads.</div></div><div style=3D"margi=
n-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;borde=
r-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><sp=
an style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span=
><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">6:56</span></div><div style=
=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Correct? Correct. That&#3=
9;s what I&#39;m Yeah. At least the team guru is good. E cat and Sparta is =
what you know, this week activity and then AEB and desk cats. I&#39;m going=
 to put it as no testing but GTS we have to keep it until he confirms that =
with the business.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px=
;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6">=
<div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;=
font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Pramod</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b=
;font-size:14px">7:13</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16p=
x;line-height:1.6">Okay.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;paddin=
g:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b=
82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3=
b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"colo=
r:#64748b;font-size:14px">7:14</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font=
-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Right, yep. And the functional leads if you&#39=
;re already there on the call, you know please confirm if you&#39;re in lin=
e with the it UAT start date, end date because this was already confirmed b=
y you but just asking this question in front of the business Prasanna.</div=
></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fa=
fc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:f=
lex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-=
right:8px">Prasanna</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">7:33=
</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Ye=
ah, only in case of parta we are still figuring out Gokul you mentioned abo=
ut it. We don&#39;t have a currently as an example any test instance. That&=
#39;s what we got to know. So we are going to do the testing in sandbox whi=
ch is available which is having connectivity but not with all applications.=
</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:=
#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"disp=
lay:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;ma=
rgin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px=
">7:54</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1=
.6">Right.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;backgro=
und-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div sty=
le=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-wei=
ght:600;margin-right:8px">Prasanna</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-=
size:14px">7:54</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line=
-height:1.6">We are still figuring out how we are going to do that. So that=
&#39;s the only place I&#39;m not very sure but other places here.</div></d=
iv><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;b=
order-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;=
margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-righ=
t:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">8:06</s=
pan></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Corre=
ct, correct, correct.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:1=
6px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f=
6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82=
f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Pramod</span><span style=3D"color:#647=
48b;font-size:14px">8:07</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:=
16px;line-height:1.6">So anything with it. I mean as we spoke last week on =
the Sparta anyway it is going to be move as is. So what is going to change =
is the. The endpoints correct. We&#39;re not changing any functionality. We=
 are not changing any.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:=
16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82=
f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b8=
2f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:=
#64748b;font-size:14px">8:19</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-s=
ize:16px;line-height:1.6">Yeah yeah.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom=
:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4=
px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=
=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Pramod</span><span styl=
e=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">8:20</span></div><div style=3D"color:#47=
5569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">No integrations. Okay.</div></div><div=
 style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-r=
adius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-=
bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">=
Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">8:22</span></d=
iv><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Integration =
SSO plus SFDC SFDC ETL stuff to be changed and they already, you know, conn=
ected that by using the correct credentials from Sparta team. But it didn&#=
39;t work and then it was because of, you know, some miss in the, there was=
 a miss in the, the file, you know that they sent from ETL and they have co=
rrected it now they are closely working with the Sparta team about the inte=
gration testing for sfdc. Promote Integration testing is going on. Integrat=
ion testing for SFDC is going on. And and only thing is, you know, we need =
to understand the SSO plus the Lab works endpoint. That&#39;s the reason yo=
u can see, you know, I&#39;m just keeping it. We have to complete the testi=
ng as per my plan. We have to complete the testing by 18th of July. But the=
 lab works for the site will not be completed during the time it takes prob=
ably September, October. So we need to do one more round of testing for Spa=
rta with regards to Lab works once the site spin is over. Pramod, probably =
you would have seen my email as well, right? With Hank. Yeah, I do.</div></=
div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;=
border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex=
;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-rig=
ht:8px">Pramod</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">9:33</spa=
n></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Yeah. I=
 will probably respond to that email to Hank as well. So let&#39;s see.</di=
v></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8f=
afc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:=
flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin=
-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">9:=
38</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">=
Yes, yes, I think he&#39;s in line. He understood that he&#39;s also ready =
to support on whichever the way he would be able to accomplish that. But he=
, he clearly mentioned that Lab works probably he wouldn&#39;t be able to m=
ake anything either it has to come from Steve or someone else. So which mea=
ns that, you know, whatever testing that we are doing now will not probably=
 put the full stop. We may have to do some amount of testing even after the=
 spin is over. This is also for ey. This is also for the other sites. Part =
Mark, that&#39;s why you see Pathmark here, right. Part mark, you see 8th o=
f September to 12th of September. The reason I&#39;m keeping part mark 8 to=
 12 because of 7th of September is a site cut over. Partmark is using Spoka=
ne site and seventh is the cutover. So I think Michael, Michael is already =
there on the call. Michael, you were there. Michael Griffith. Yep.</div></d=
iv><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;b=
order-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;=
margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-righ=
t:8px">Michael Griffith</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">=
10:40</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.=
6">If not muted.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;b=
ackground-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><d=
iv style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;fo=
nt-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748=
b;font-size:14px">10:42</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:1=
6px;line-height:1.6">Yeah, so we talked about it. Right. Michael, I think y=
ou mentioned about this is currently working otherwise they would have alre=
ady raised the consumer. Things are okay for now it is okay. But when the s=
ite is going to complete the spin they probably change their domain that fi=
rewall etc etc and you have to make sure whether the changes are working in=
 those 16 desktops.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16p=
x;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"=
><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6=
;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Michael Griffith</span><span style=3D"co=
lor:#64748b;font-size:14px">11:04</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;f=
ont-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Yeah, they did find a recent issue because t=
hat doesn&#39;t work on new builds. There&#39;s. There&#39;s something in t=
he new Microsoft build that you can&#39;t reinstall that properly. So we&#3=
9;re looking at options on how to fix that.</div></div><div style=3D"margin=
-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border=
-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><spa=
n style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span>=
<span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">11:20</span></div><div style=
=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">But understood, you are t=
alking about a new build into the new desktop. What I am saying here is tha=
t if they go with the same exactly the 16 desktop even after the site spin,=
 what will that be a problem? They are not changing anything. They are not =
going to touch the application. They are just changing the network, changin=
g the domain, changing the firewall. Will it impact any of these 16 desktop=
 that it is currently running?</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;=
padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px sol=
id #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"co=
lor:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Michael Griffith</span><span =
style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">11:48</span></div><div style=3D"colo=
r:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">It should not.</div></div><div st=
yle=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radi=
us:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bot=
tom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Mod=
erator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">11:49</span></div=
><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Okay. That&#39=
;s what we have to confirm during, you know, during this timeline. That&#39=
;s what I&#39;m saying. Eight to seven is what we have to figure it out if =
there are any changes. So. So that&#39;s what it is promote. That&#39;s the=
 reason I.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;backgro=
und-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div sty=
le=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-wei=
ght:600;margin-right:8px">Pramod</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-si=
ze:14px">12:05</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-=
height:1.6">So are we, are we planning then that way two step process in te=
rms of the testing? Like hey, I mean when we are going to move the applicat=
ion we will do some functionality testing as well to ensure the application=
 is working as expected. But then when there is a physical site then we wil=
l do that. Okay.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;b=
ackground-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><d=
iv style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;fo=
nt-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748=
b;font-size:14px">12:24</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:1=
6px;line-height:1.6">Wherever we have an impact. Yes, we have.</div></div><=
div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;borde=
r-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;marg=
in-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8p=
x">Pramod</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">12:26</span></=
div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">I think we =
should. Yeah, correct. So I think we need to do that two step process then =
of testing.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;backgr=
ound-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div st=
yle=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-we=
ight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;fon=
t-size:14px">12:31</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;l=
ine-height:1.6">Yep, yep. That&#39;s what you see anywhere. I mentioned 21s=
t of September, site cutover. We have to redo testing. 7th of September, we=
 have to redo some testing and the lab, I would.</div></div><div style=3D"m=
argin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;b=
order-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"=
><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Pramod</spa=
n><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">12:42</span></div><div style=
=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Suggest then we have to a=
dd those separate columns to ensure we are doing that.</div></div><div styl=
e=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius=
:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-botto=
m:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moder=
ator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">12:48</span></div><=
div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Yeah, I mentione=
d this in the comments. So we have to keep an eye on these three things. Ey=
, pockmark, spot on. That&#39;s all.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom=
:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4=
px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=
=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Pramod</span><span styl=
e=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">12:55</span></div><div style=3D"color:#4=
75569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">But then problem will be helpful if y=
ou want to do that retest.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padd=
ing:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #=
3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:=
#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"co=
lor:#64748b;font-size:14px">12:59</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;f=
ont-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Oh, okay. You will do. Okay, one column for =
retesting. Yes, yes, we can do. Yeah, yeah.</div></div><div style=3D"margin=
-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border=
-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><spa=
n style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Pramod</span><sp=
an style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">13:06</span></div><div style=3D"c=
olor:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">And then we have to probably c=
ommunicate the. To the, to the, to the GRE team that hey, we have a depende=
ncy on their cutover. So anything gets delayed at their end, it will get im=
pacted direct to us.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16=
px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6=
"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f=
6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#6=
4748b;font-size:14px">13:20</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-si=
ze:16px;line-height:1.6">You were talking about the UI team. Yeah, yeah, ye=
ah.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-col=
or:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"d=
isplay:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600=
;margin-right:8px">Pramod</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px=
">13:25</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:=
1.6">No GRE team. So I will get you the name.</div></div><div style=3D"marg=
in-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;bord=
er-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><s=
pan style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</spa=
n><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">13:34</span></div><div style=
=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Okay, sure.</div></div><d=
iv style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border=
-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margi=
n-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px=
">Pramod</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">13:36</span></d=
iv><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">We will high=
light this as well.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16p=
x;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"=
><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6=
;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64=
748b;font-size:14px">13:38</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-siz=
e:16px;line-height:1.6">No problem. So anything else in this sheet? Any que=
stions from anyone in this call?</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16p=
x;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px s=
olid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"=
color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Pramod</span><span style=3D=
"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">13:50</span></div><div style=3D"color:#47556=
9;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">No, let&#39;s jump onto the updates.</div=
></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fa=
fc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:f=
lex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-=
right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">13:=
54</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">=
Okay. Yeah. So this is still empty. I think Neil, you probably Neela Siram =
will have to come up with a plan if they are going to project anything here=
 in this call or they are going to have a separate call to auto these appli=
cations. So.</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padding:16px;backg=
round-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div s=
tyle=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-w=
eight:600;margin-right:8px">Rakesh</span><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-=
size:14px">14:11</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;lin=
e-height:1.6">So this is. I mean I had floated a sheet that Excel sheet whe=
re I wanted to understand, like who are the owners of the various applicati=
ons that we are interested in? I think it&#39;s going around. I mean, Rakes=
h, you are trying to get that collated and I can share something real quick=
 here, but as far as what?</div></div><div style=3D"margin-bottom:16px;padd=
ing:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px;border-left:4px solid #=
3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8px"><span style=3D"color:=
#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Moderator</span><span style=3D"co=
lor:#64748b;font-size:14px">14:37</span></div><div style=3D"color:#475569;f=
ont-size:16px;line-height:1.6">Just give me a second.</div></div><div style=
=3D"margin-bottom:0;padding:16px;background-color:#f8fafc;border-radius:8px=
;border-left:4px solid #3b82f6"><div style=3D"display:flex;margin-bottom:8p=
x"><span style=3D"color:#3b82f6;font-weight:600;margin-right:8px">Rakesh</s=
pan><span style=3D"color:#64748b;font-size:14px">14:38</span></div><div sty=
le=3D"color:#475569;font-size:16px;line-height:1.6">So this is the. Yeah, t=
his is the Excel sheet that I think Rakesh has put it out with the date on =
there. I don&#39;t know if they&#39;re trying to redo the file somewhere el=
se in different location, but I polled all the ISE teams and we got a list =
of about 40 systems that is important for ISE. And I&#39;m just playing wit=
h this right now. There are still some question marks.</div></div></div><di=
v style=3D"margin-top:36px;text-align:center;color:#64748b;font-size:14px;p=
adding:20px;border-top:1px solid #e2e8f0"><p style=3D"margin:0;margin-botto=
m:8px">Captured with Wave AI Note Taker</p><p style=3D"margin:0;font-size:1=
2px">Your AI-powered companion</p></div></div></div></div></div></div>

--000000000000504d770637774a5b--